Dear Sir/Madam,
 
My name is Grazziella Gadotti, I am a Brazilian and Italian citizen and I have been living in the United Kingdom for about 2 years and a half. I am applying for the Future Leadership Program in Product Supply which has been advertised on Bayer’s website (http://karriere.bayer.de). 
 
I graduated in pharmacy in 2012 in Brazil and my main work experience is based on customer service, laboratorial field and pharmaceutical care. However, I am willing to give a new direction to my career, that is the reason why I am currently completing a MSc course in Industrial Pharmaceutical Science in the University of Brighton, UK. The graduation and masters have given me the necessary background knowledge to be a candidate to the program offered, which I believe is the perfect opportunity for me to start in the industrial pharmaceutical field.
 
As an undergraduate student I have worked within university as a Lecturer’s assistant for the subjects of pharmaceutical techniques and clinical microbiology. Also, as my final year dissertation I worked with the physicochemical quality control of parenteral nutrition emulsions, which gave me more knowledge on the manufacturing of sterile products in a small scale.
 
In the masters course I had the chance to enlarge my knowledge in the manufacturing, development, quality control and regularisation in general of pharmaceutical products. Moreover, in my postgraduate course I am developing novel types of cryogels (polymers), which ideally would contain antimicrobial activity for a future application as water purification systems. To sum up, I have the opportunity to evolve and improve skills such as problem solving, risk assessment and strategic planning.
 
Strengthening my application, I am a dedicated and adaptable person who is always willing to learn and improve my skills. I am a good listener, which can communicate very well and with good interpersonal relationship.

Please find enclosed within the application my résumé, certificates and references for your consideration. 

Thank you for the time and consideration.
 
Kind regards,
Grazziella Gadotti
